Optimize abstracts of ISS (CQA) (#4941)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_synchronizing-a-custom-repository.adoc

= Synchronizing a custom repository

[role="_abstract"]

> Red{nbsp}Hat repositories sync automatically over {ISS} network sync, but you must configure each custom repository on the downstream {ProjectServer} to synchronize from its published URL on the upstream server.

Reviewer: non-blocking: I wonder about "{ISS} network sync" which will read as "Inter-Satellite Server network sync" which is a mouthful. 

Also non-blocking: the title does not mention ISS; users could understand this as a procedure to synchronize custom content from an upstream URL into Foreman+Katello.

Author: I agree this abstract is clumsy. How about:
```suggestion
To synchronize custom repositories over a network, configure the repositories on the downstream {ProjectServer} to synchronize from published URLs on the upstream server.
Red{nbsp}Hat repositories do not require this configuration.
```

Reviewer: Great!

> = Synchronizing a custom repository

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[id="synchronizing-a-{customrepoid}"]
= Synchronizing a {customrepo}
```

[role="_abstract"]

> To synchronize custom repositories over a network, configure the repositories on the downstream {ProjectServer} to synchronize from published URLs on the upstream server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To synchronize {customrepos} over a network, configure the repositories on the downstream {ProjectServer} to synchronize from published URLs on the upstream server.
```

Refs https://github.com/theforeman/foreman-documentation/blob/master/guides/common/attributes-satellite.adoc#L73 and https://github.com/theforeman/foreman-documentation/blob/master/guides/common/attributes-base.adoc#L75

Same would apply to line 3/4: We also have https://github.com/theforeman/foreman-documentation/blob/master/guides/common/attributes-base.adoc#L76
